you gotta be kidding me you're gonna
risk the entire mission for a mental
defective dress as a court justice it's
coming from a guy that wears a toilet
seat on his head we don't leave one of
our own behind hopefully harley's still
alive
no funny business these are dangerous
people
team two is clear to go fire uh three
two what are you guys doing what
you we're here to save you you were
gonna save me it was a really good plan
too
well i can go back inside and you can
still do it that's patronizing i'm so
sorry
harley quinn bloodsport
[Music]
you know the deal successfully complete
the mission you get 10 years off your
sentence
[Music]
you fail to follow my orders in any way
can i detonate the explosive device in
the base of your skull
this is the famous suicide squad
any questions
and yes that is your hand very good
we're all gonna die i hope so
oh for sake here's the deal
we fail the mission you die we find out
any information you give us is false
you die if we find out you have
personalized license plates
you don't what no if you cough without
covering your mouth harley although that
isn't an open invitation for you to
cough without covering your mouth
what's the plan how the hell must to
know you're the leader you're supposed
to be decisive and i've decided that you
should eat a big bag of dicks
but this whole beach was completely
covered in dicks and somebody said i'd
eat every dick until the beach was clean
for liberty i would say no problem why
would someone put
penises all over the beans who knows why
mad men do what they do
this is suicide well that's kind of our
thing
[Music]
don't you worry i'm gonna get you out of
your life i'm going to get you
out of here alive
oh my god we've got to freaking kaiju up
in this
[Applause]
[Music]
i love the rain like angels are
splooting all over
[Music]
us
you